Welcome back.
Well in this lesson we're going to look at what we've learned so far and look at how does the neural
networks get trained.
Now the key thing that we cover so far is that machine learning is really having an input as well as
a target.
And the actual algorithm itself learned the so-called patterns and the statistical representations that
link the input to the target.
Now the key thing is about finding the question marks here to link the inputs to targets in order for
the algorithm to learn neural network to learned is you do need to provide many examples in order to
provide to allow it to learn the patterns from the previous lives.
We can see that there are many layers to deep learning neural network.
Now this layers learn the relationship between the input and target from being exposed to many examples.
Hence the picture there illustrate.
Now the question that naturally arose arise is how does the algorithm learn.
We cover this but I just want to show you another different picture.
Now we've looked at this from a slightly different perspective.
We've seen it from inputs and we also look at it from outputs.
In this case we call it predictions.
Now in between are the layers that we discovered or we explored earlier.
The difference now is that there are these two elements here.
These two elements are what determines the score.
The learned contents of the neural network we will go into a little bit more of these in depth a little
later but for now just understand that these are basically the actual input with the weights and and
in order to get the actual so-called predicted output.
Now this is what is also called feed forward.
Let me just highlighted this way and I'm going to give you an example as an illustration right.
They just have a pen and we use blue.
Let's just say we have an output of one point two.
Okay.
So that's the target output now.
And let's make our life a little bit easier.
The input ledger say is zero point two and let's just say the so-called weight that is given here along
this level all this layer is zero point one and four this is zero point two.
Okay assuming that we are when we are looking at these neural network to the so core provided input
here is the just say
if we look at a simple example of let's just say choose a pen here.
The input is zero point two and then we have a we'd of just say one to begin with.
So when you multiply the two together what you get is zero point two and then just say you have another
weights here the output has zero point two that you say we don't actually have an activation layer.
So ignore what I just said in terms of the details we don't have this level let's just say it's point
two straightforward.
So the point to get fed forward.
So two times one point two two times zero point two gives you one point two and let's just say the so-called
the actual value that we are looking and aiming for is let us assume that is actually 2.0.
So this is the actual value.
So right now based on the weights of 1 and 2 here let's just call this weights of 1 and the weights
of 2 is zero point two.
How then do we learn get the neural network to learn this so that it actually achieve this zero point
two.
Now we know that the input is fixed.
This value is determined by the weight as is this value is determined by the weight.
So the key difference now really comes down to the actual weights itself.
Indeed for neural network the weights are the actual memory of the neural network.
They are the key for what is being learned by the neural networks.
Just as the picture that we saw earlier in terms of the filters the different futures let me go back
to these pictures.
These are the weights the actual weights that's learned by the neural network layer.
The difference is that we instead of scalar value which is like what we given here point to a 1.0 what
we see here is a matrix of numbers which when you look at it has a seems to have a pattern that part
of it is because our eyes are always looking for pattern.
So let's come back here.
Now the question is how do we actually get the neural network to learn such that it will eventually
achieve a good accuracy.
And that's where I'd like to introduce you to this picture here
the picture that you saw earlier are these portion OK so you looked at this portion so far you have
the input come to the neural network layer and the weights to it and then another neuron lower layer
and then multiplied the weights and gives you the prediction on this site we have the actual y and decide
you have the prediction of course unless you are lucky.
It's not very likely that the first time round when the neural networks see the data it's going to be
able to predict exactly.
So there will always be some difference.
And this is where I'd like to introduce to you what is called a lost function which measure the difference
between actual and predictions.
And this is what is core the lost function measure.
The actual difference and the score is the output now in terms of the scores concern it tells you what
your errors are meaning how far away is your model from providing a good prediction that still doesn't
solve our problem of how to actually improve the model.
And that's where the optimizer comes in to optimizer is the algorithm that actually feedback to change
the weight for both.
For all of the ways in each of the layers so that ended up closing the whole loop by itself.
So you have the this portion here is called feed forward
okay FTD EDF or Ardi f f or RWA R D.
So feed forward.
So this is part is the feed forward in terms of the poor writing the data and the actual prediction.
Now the portion where it goes back to actually improve using the optimizer is core the back propagation.
And the in order for it to continuously improve you need the error function or loss function to measure
the error.
And this is the actual value loss score is the actual value and tells you the distance between your
actual value and also the prediction.
So that's basically how a neural network learn.
And it's actually very mathematical in that sense we will actually go through an example.
That example will make use of quite a fair bit of math if you want to skip that.
That's fine.
But in terms of the application of it you don't really need to understand the actual math of it.
But the math part I will provide nevertheless just so that to get off for those who are curious who
wants to learn how the actual number actually works.
Right.
So the last slide down to cover and this lesson really is shallow vs. Deep Learning shallow learning
is the Costco machine learning such as your linear regression logistic regression even your support
vector machine and also decision trees.
Those are all shallow machine learning.
It's what we call the way that it learns is it learned greedily meaning in successive manner it's stacked.
Now if you stepped out of the shallow machine learning algorithm you may think that it will actually
achieve the same as how a neural network will perform because it does seem like that if you stack them
it does seem like that if you stack them just come back here.
If you stack them it looks like that.
It will look like a normal neural network.
But the truth is that is not the same because stacked stacking multiple shell learning together will
not achieve the same result.
The reason being the shallow machine learning learn independent from each other.
Even if you stack them and successive layers they will learn on their own whereby deep learning the
layers learn the patterns jointly.
Okay so that means they can actually learn much more complex structure and patterns from the underlying
data itself.
Then lies the difference between shallow machine learning and deep learning.
With that I'm going to stop here in this lesson.
Basically we have cover really is we review what we've covered.
We looked at how a neural network works the feet forward the measurement of the lost all the errors
and also using optimizer to continuously improve the learning improved the machine learning algorithm
and the accuracy of it tuning the weight so that becomes more and more accurate and that's the basic
idea of how neural network actually learn.
And once again thank you for watching this video.
I look forward to seeing you in the future.